Add select values provider service documentation (#570)
sulu/sulu-docs: reference/content-types/single_select.rst

        </params>
    </property>

Expression Example
------------------

> By u sing a ``param`` with the type ``expression``, it is also possible to display

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using a ``param`` with the type ``expression``, it is also possible to display
```

.. code-block:: xml

>     <property name="list" type="single_select">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <property name="single" type="single_select">
```

        </meta>

        <params>
            <param name="default_value" type="expression" value="service('App\\Content\\Select\\EventTypeSelect').getDefaultValue()"/>
            <param name="values" type="expression" value="service('App\\Content\\Select\\EventTypeSelect').getValues()"/>
        </params>
    </property>

> To create the service have a look at :doc:`../../cookbook/select-values-provider`.

Reviewer: same as above 🙂
